CODECONVENTIONS: Require that commits be signed off by the author. (#11401)
micropython/micropython: CODECONVENTIONS.md

To get good practical examples of good commits and their messages, browse
the `git log` of the project.

When committing you must sign-off your commit by adding "Signed-off-by:"

> line(s) at the end of the commit message, eg using "git commit -s".  You

Reviewer: ```suggestion
line(s) at the end of the commit message, e.g. using `git commit -s`.  You
```

Author: Done.
